<P>The reading “Understanding Virtual Reality and its applications beyond Gaming by Mai Luong touch some common themes on VR and it also opened my mind to different ideas that I hadn’t thought were possible with VR. </p>
<P>The idea that your brain can treat your VR as a real experience although it isn’t a real reality is quite interesting. It’s like your being a in a different dimension without leaving our physical reality, yet one can retain some experiences though limited senses. It’s limiting, but it’s weird that just sound and sight can give one person a really good experience. I feel that if smell and/or tough is incorporated into VR experiences, I think VR would be a much better experience than what it is now. On another note, I do like how the design aspect of VR can be used to refine designs of architecture professions. It helps prevent issues and improve architectural building construction. </p>
<P>The study of using VR as a means of training for individual is quite funny. The reason I say this is because, as a person who is also a visual person, this makes things clearer. As things are written or presented on a two-dimensional sketch, it lacks perception. If one person is just verbally told how something would look like, it would be obvious that at least every other person would imagine it differently. I feel that VR gives individuals the perspective and scale of how things would be. Although people can see things in a three-dimensional rendered animation, VR allows more human senses to be active giving individuals a better experience. In other words, it makes sense that individuals whom underwent VR training actual retained more information because of the enhanced experience. I think that because those individuals whom had a visual and unforgettable experience, they were to recall images and memories better because they were able to respond better to be immersed within the subject then if they were just told to read some text. </p>
<P>Real time VR is interesting. As technology such as computer cam were just an accessory a decade ago, the technology slowly got integrated into the today’s laptops, and now it’s just a normal thing to have incorporated into a typical computer. The same can be said about facetime and Skype on mobile phone applications being pre-installed upon purchase. My theory is that it would be long before VR technology is slow incorporated into either our mobile devices or laptops. The rise in cell phone improves over the last two decades makes me believe that soon either VR, AR, or even XR will be a common application in most laptops or mobile devices. </p>
