<p>Mai Luong gives a good introduction to what make up "Virtual Reality", and its different applications in the world as the medium becomes more accessible and used. Luong starts by breaking the VR experience into four key components: the Virtual World, immersion, sensory feedback, and interactivity. VR experiences benefit from creating a world that viewers can be invested in, ones that the viewer truly feels immersed in once they put on the headset. As we discussed in class, this doesn't even have to be a hyper-realistic mirror image of real life, as more stylized environments can be successful in many ways that realistic environments cannot. What matters is that a VR experience utilizes VR's ability to fully "surround" its player in a space that they can look around, explore, and possibly interact with.</p>
<p>It is a powerful form of interactive experience, and one that has brought new possibilities that traditional games and meeting spaces cannot.</p>
<p>What VR allows us to do is to simulate and share experiences that would not be possible in the physical world. Whether that experience mature in the form of social interaction studies, negotionation grounds without risk of sabotage, or risk-free experimentation zones to perfect practices that can be costly in real life, the non-gaming applications of VR are a deep well of potential that has barely been tested yet. And those do not even touch on the more emotionally driven applications of VR: therapy, reconciliation from long distances, and capturing memories that can be digitaly preserved for generations. Once again, immersion is powerful. To be able to step into another's shoes, albeit in a physical recreation of that shoe, can be a skeptics first step to understanding the experiences that they would never have experienced in their own lives. Luong mentioned Clouds Over Sidra and the homeless project (Stanford); both are examples of successful projects designed to nurture emmpathy and draw an emotional response, and action, from its viewers.</p>
