Virtual reality is much more than being used for gaming. VR is a medium that can be used in various forms, such as simulations or being in a different world. It is a medium that you can enter. Instead of just watching a cartoon or playing a video game where the medium is the software and screen, VR puts you into that medium as if it is a real experience. You feel like you are doing something. In addition, VR can be used to do dangerous things, while being safe. For example, walking at the edge of a skyscraper. I am sure most people would walk on the edge of a sky scraper in real life. However, VR could trick your mind that you are on the edge of a sky scraper and you could get that feelings of being really high without feeling like you will fall off hundreds of feet into the ground. 

After reading this article, I learned how VR can be used in positive ways other than just used for video games. One of the most interesting benefits that I came across was using VR as an immersive 3D presentation. My dad worked in the blue printing industry and every time I saw a blue print of a house or building, I could not really picture how it would look like in real life because they just look like sketches. However, VR could give a better look for architecture. Once a design is made, they can put it into VR and see what it would look like in person before building. Another way VR could be used based on this article is exploration. I have had experience with this and I spent a good amount of time exploring the world. I entered google earth in a VR medium and it was quite an experience. I was able to fly around the world and go to any place. The last benefit that I thought was interesting was empathy. Looking at it in a general sense, VR used for empathy sounds a little weird and the example given, was not very strong. I did not really feel empathy in the piece. However, I actually used VR for empathy. At my sister’s funeral, I used a 360-degree camera that I purchased a couple months before she passed away. I placed the camera by her casket where everyone was saying their final goodbyes. In VR, you can see her casket along with the line of people saying goodbye to her and also family and friends playing Tahitian music on the side. It’s hard for me to stay in the VR goggles for a long time because it hits me. VR used for empathy is more for a personal stand point than for someone else to feel someone else’s empathy. 
