Another great article to get to read, "Understanding Virtual Reality and its applications beyond Gaming," by strategy consultant, Mai Luong whom we have some stuff in common like interests and fascinated with VR/AR. Luong talks about the world of VR, and how it is going to be the next major computing platform. According to Luong, there are several core concepts that we need to understand and to consider how to utilize VR in solving their personal or business issues, regardless of industry. Fortunately, I get to learn more about VR in my Art 175 class, by Professor Blanton. 

Mai Luong started to give a brief definition along with explanations on Virtual Reality. I already read and experience the VR; however, reading this again does help to refresh my mind and I eventually did learn many new facts. The main point in the definition was that how VR allows users to experience the combination of the physical spaces and virtual space with multi-projected environments. I also watched the video, "A beginner's guide to VR," in 2016 and I shall say that in 2018, VR did evolve. Moreover, moving along with the Key VR concepts that consist of the 4 key elements of VR, Virtual World, which I adore, Immersion, Sensory feedback, and lastly, Interactivity. Another great video called "Dear Angelica," premiered at Sundance was a magnificent piece by creative director Saschka Unseld who has inspired me by the artistic interpretation of the VR world. Besides, I read the "Telepresence" part, which contributes to another key concept of VR. It was amazing to read about "Telepresence" again since I read an article that was written in 1993, about 25 years ago, by author Eduardo Kac. It was based on the integration of telecommunications, robotics, human-machine interfaces, and computers which really grabbed my attention. "Telepresence art," as a new art medium, regarding the framework of electronic interactive art, another point of the author that intrigued me. I personally like interactive arts and I totally agree with what the author said, that it emphasizes more behavior like choices or action and acquire a prominent role in shaping their own field of experiences.

Furthermore, I read about "Collaborative environment" that refers to multiple users interacting with one another within the same virtual space or simulation. It sounded pretty neat to me as I never experienced something like this before. An example is "Bigscreen," which is a social virtual desktop app allowing users to use their computer in VR. And then comes the critical part of VR, the types of problems that can benefit from VR. First was the immersive 3 Dimensional presentation. There are VR scenarios in which an immersive 3D visualization of an object is more persuasive than a 2D format such as in architectural walkthroughs, design spaces, virtual prototyping and any subject in 3D. I don't know if I would consider this as an issue since it helps architects to transform designs from major modeling software into 3D VR environments. Next is "Exploration," as seen in the video "The New York Times Real Estate Debuts Matterport VR Tours." To me, it's fascinating since we get to enter and experience the place we prefer to visit without even displacing ourselves to long distances. Great examples are Virtual Museums and other explorative places/destinations. Third is "Simulation" where there are several problems to identify such as issues that cannot be tackled, study, require extensive practice to avoid accidents and problems in "What if?" situations in the physical world.

On the other hand, there are several advantages in terms of health benefit such as the introduction of "Startup Psious" that uses VR for exposure therapy to overcome phobias. It was marvelous to read about how therapists are able to get a real-time look at what their patient is seeing and adjust the experience as needed even during a session to ensure optimized results that meet the needs of each individual patient. Another great example given by author Luong is the "STRIVR," which was born out of Stanford University’s Virtual Human Interaction Lab. According to Luong, the "STRIVR" is a pioneer in VR training and has been used by many professional and college football teams to train athletes through VR experiences and was a success due to its effectiveness. Another great advantage of VR is when it gets to Live and real-life events. A great example is attending an event in VR makes a user feel like they’re physically attending the event with the best seat in the house. And amazingly, this helps solve the problem of limited seating at events and makes events essentially available to anyone and anywhere such as how CNN partnered with "NextVR." I never thought about that before but now, I am gaining various knowledge of the advantages that VR can create. 

Moreover, I am not on any social platforms that are out there but I should say that VR is going to make great progress on those platforms in terms of "Virtual Collaboration" as mentioned by Luong where people would come together in a shared virtual environment and have natural conversations much as they would face-to-face. And eventually, "Empathy" another VR issue that would definitely affect me as I tend to get emotional easily. Because it is a powerful tool for visual storytelling and simulation experiences to connect human beings to other human beings and to spread awareness and inspire action on pressing social issues, such as in the journalism, nonprofit and environmental industries.

I really enjoyed reading this article even though I already have some knowledge on VR, I did learn some new important things like its advantages and possible issues. And I just wanted to add how VR changed my point of view in the DMA programs as a way of learning and understanding the past, present, and future. 
