Mai Luong’s article, “Understanding Virtual Reality and its applications beyond Gaming,” discusses what virtual reality (VR) is, the opportunities that could arise from it, and the benefits it can give currently. She states with explaining the four key elements of VR being in a virtual world, being immersed in that 3D world, sensory feedback, and interactivity. The importance that Luong tries to push about VR in this article is its emphasis in immersion and interactivity. She stresses that VR can “simulate experience of the physical reality.” However, VR is constantly changing and at the moment most are still very much like you’re playing a video game. Adding on, most of my experience in VR is watching players on youtube playing VR games and making VR scenes in class currently. I’ve never really experienced anything that felt life like in VR, meaning I’ve never experienced something that made my brain say I was in a different space. I’m pretty sure there are some out there and more advanced one being developed right now. Which leads to the second part of her article, the opportunities VR can bring. Some of these examples that Luong gave is that it allows people to talk with each other face to face without actually being there; an opportunity for collaboration. Another one is simulating scenarios for training or jobs like the football training in Stanford, and broadcasting live events. The later still has some complications however. I remember the Winter Olympics 2018 was promoting their live broadcasts of the games in VR, but from what I remember, there was a lot of technical issues and many people could not view it in VR. My favorite application from her examples: empathy and simulating the experiences of someone or a group of people in the real world. Luong provided the VR works “The Homeless Project” in Stanford and Within’s “Clouds Over Sidra.” I watched the video of “Clouds Over Sidra” on Youtube and it’s definitely a powerful piece and experiencing it in VR would make it even more emotional. This project also benefited Unicef as they were able to get more donations when viewers saw the video. I believe if they expanded these types of videos and made them live broadcasted(a camera following a Syrian refugee live for example), the experience and immersion would be very empowering. However, that could also lead to some controversy and no don’t some people would find that similar to propaganda. However, besides a great platform for gaming, I believe VR is something that allows the viewer to experiences a life not your own. It allows you to think and open your mind to the lives of others as we these days are stuck in our own little bubble.
