<p>In the audio “Pygmalions Spectacles” by Stanley G. Weinbuam narrator posted the question how do we really know that our reality is real if our sense is confirmed by mental thoughts. In response, this sort of reminds me of the matrix in the sense, that people are lead to believe that the world they know is real. In my opinion its kind of scary. However, I also believe in the quote “I think there, therefore I am,” and for me this confirms that our relativity is real. The reason being is because as an individual, I independently can think for myself, therefore I must exist in my own free will in this reality. This also reminds me of another movie “Minority Report” where the central character John Anderton tries to get help from a hacker. Upon visiting the hacker, the we are shown people experience fake realities in which people know they are dream experience like scenarios. Although this is brief in the movie, it’s almost like a futuristic holographic Virtual-Reality user experience. In relation to “Pygmalion’s Spectacles,” these individuals are aware that they are aware that that reality is not real, yet they want to stimulate their sense and pass off the experience as real. </p>

<p>The idea of tricking the mind into believing a fake reality is strange phenomena. The way this story ended with Dan realizing that his mind was tricked into being hypnotized was interesting. The reason is because as the story states a dream can become reality and vice versa. In terms of hypnosis reality can become a dream. However, in reference to the playwright Pygmalion, a dream can become reality as well. For instance, the play of Pygmalion has a similar story. The story follows a professor whom studies speech and grammar.  The professor comes across a poor woman in public with horrible speech and grammar and is astonished by her lack of proper English. As a result, he then bets his colleague that due to this excellent expertise, he can without a doubt turn this particular woman into a high-class individual; he suggests that he can fool other upper-class individuals into believing she is just like them.  Through rigorous effort, the professor eventually turns this poor woman into an elite class individual with proper English etiquette. This means that a dream can become true and real if determination and persistence is present. </p>
