<p>The visions of "virtual reality" a hundred years ago were grand, but no far off from what we have achieved in current times. Dan Burke, introduced to readers early on as a seeker of escape, tired of the loud parties of this city. The story goes on to discuss the human senses as a predictable, but indeterminate source of input for the mind. Our narrator is given glasses by a mysterious rambling man, and these glasses supposedly can turn the wearer’s “dreams” into their reality. Putting these glasses on, he comes into contact with another realm, where illusionary beings reside. However, these beings also perceive Dan as illusionary, not of the world.</p>
<p>As our narrator falls deeper and deeper into this dream realm, he gets to know a shadow woman named Galatea. As they become more close, the separation of their worlds become more apparent.  They wished to stay together. He wished to stay, but the possible way of staying was forbidden of the people of the shadow world. And then when he woke, he was despaired that he had fallen in love with a mere “vision”. Viewers find out that this fantasy world was merely optical illusions and actors, far lower tech than we, or Dan, had thought. The “virtual world” was merely a layer enveloping is true reality. But the astonishing realization I came to from reading this story was that is exactly what virtual reality currently is.</p>
<p>Artists innately choose to harness the minds potential in order to create the experiences that their audience take on. Art is volatile, able to take on the most fantastical/abstract forms of human imagination or disguise itself as deceptively realistic images capable of tricking the mind. The advancements of technology that we have witnessed bring the virtual closer and closer to "reality" every day. These advancements also bring dangerous questions into the spotlight: Does making the virtual “realistic” add to the quality? Is some realism, or the lack of realism, identify virtual space/reality? Where does the limit lie between the virtual and reality is the differences between them become more and more sparse?</p>
