Pygamalion’s Spectacles was really intriguing. The whole time I was picturing Dave in these weird looking glasses and being hypnotized by the professor. He was brought into a world not like our own. I was thinking like something magical/mythical like the Lord of the Rings. The whole time I was thinking how could this happen in today’s world and I thought people get hypnotized all the time. So I dig deeper and tried to think of something that could take you into an immersive environment and make you feel the environment and I instantly thought of VR. Virtual reality puts you into a different world every time you get into one. Your mind and eyes makes you believe you are in a different place. When you turn, you turn in the environment as well. Similar to what he author said about sensations. In VR we don’t necessarily see and hear “real” things but we get the sensation of seeing and hearing or even feeling and smelling as well. VR could make dreams into a reality. In some cases VR could make you feel like you could actually fall off a ledge that is hundreds of feet high. I have been inside VR quite a few times and it is a one of a kind experience. The very first VR scene that I have ever been in was the human cells. I spent about 20 minutes in it and I enjoyed being in it. It was really immersive. Every time I moved, the scene moved. I even had the hand chucks and was able to pick things up and throw them. The bad part of this first experience was that I instantly felt sick right when I went back into the real world and I guess I had the same experience as Dave after he woke up.

What also intrigues me is that this story was written about one hundred years ago. So this idea of virtual reality was already thought of. You would think virtual reality is an idea that’s been around for only the past twenty years or so. I think this comes to show that out of the world ideas that we have now could be achieved in the future or even in the near future. 
