About 100 years ago, author Stanley Grauman Weinbaum predicted the Virtual Reality in his well-known novel, "Pygmalion's Spectacles," which is probably the first comprehensive and specific fictional model for Virtual Reality. Listening to his story in the very beginning, I thought it would be a philosophy lecture that would become tedious at some point in the article. However, Weinbaum grabbed my attention when he started to describe each of the virtual characters. 

This was where everything change. 
Weinbaum presented distinct fictional characters for virtual reality in his short story where the main character, Dan Burke, met an elfin professor, Albert Ludwig, who invented a pair of goggles which enabled "a movie that gives one sight and sound, taste, smell, and touch. I found that part really interesting as I would never imagine someone would be such creative and imaginative at that period of time. So, what I understood at first was that you are in the story, you speak to the shadows, which are the characters and they reply, and instead of being on a screen, the story is all about you, and you are in it. That story eventually amazed my sense of looking ahead in time. It took almost about 80 to 100 years for the creation of virtual reality to occur and it was all written by an American science fiction writer. 

At some particular point in the story, it got quite real. I would not believe that all the characters were fictional because of the way they were described. The part where Dan was asking some questions to Galatea got quite emotional since the girl was sadly responding with tearful eyes. They were talking regarding the law that Galatea's mother broke. Galatea was toneless and I, as I was listening to it, quite felt her agony as her mother actually fell in love with the phantom. Another part was when Dan stated that he was never gonna leave and stay as it was an inevitable progression of a dream that could never become real. This story predicted how real a fiction could be once you get invlove in it. It took years to finally realize the Virtual Reality technology but, everything we’ve seen personally has been fairly impressive, even if not everyone agrees with that. 

I believe that it does take time to understand something new, something innovative before creating it, like the VR. Virtual Reality is currently or the next great leap in technology. I also think that If one has perfect virtual reality eventually, where they may be able to simulate everything that a human can experience or imagine experiencing, it’s hard to imagine where one goes from there. I gain a lot of understanding after reading the story of Weinbaum, thanks to our instructor, Andrew Blanton. I am looking forward to discover and experience more in the world of VR and advance technology in this class. Because once I understand and have perfect virtual reality, what else am I supposed to perfect? Maybe thinking of writing about the future technology that does not exist yet, just like the author Stanley Weinbaum did. 
