“All is dream, all is illusion; I am your vision as you are mine.” In “Pygmalion's Spectacles” by Stanley G. Weinbaum, it describes the fictional story of a man named Dan Burke who receives spectacles where he is able to experience a movie in which he could see, hear, smell, touch, and taste. As Dan experiences this movie- venturing this world Paracosma and interacting with the characters there known as shadows- his mind begins to blur the line between what is real and what is not. For something that was published in the 1930s, this story is incredible in the fact we can experience aspects of some of these sensations such as virtual reality and simulations today in the 2010s. The author was able to envision the possibility of what virtual reality can do and people today are trying to further develop VR experience as such. Like Dan was seeing and interacting a movie, today we can see and interact in the form of video games from the Oculus Rift to the HTC Vive. Of course, unlike the protagonist, we are still far from experiencing virtual touch, smell, and taste at the moment(perhaps smell in more advanced simulations). Compared to the how the protagonist can experience Paracosma through mind power and a simple pair of glasses, VR systems require bulky goggles and for the participant to do some form of movement instead of simply sitting down and doing nothing.

I found the story very interesting on how it delves deep into the psychological; reflecting philosopher Bishop Berkeley’s belief that perceiving sensations only exist in the mind which our main character succumbs to in the story. The idea of tricking the person’s mind into believing what they are experiencing is happening right in front of them is both fascinating and almost frightening to think about. Fascinating in a way that you can view and interact with different worlds without moving out of the comfort of your home. Even with the Bruce Nauman VR gallery, it can benefit those who are unable to experience the the real thing due to disadvantages. The story encourages the idea that the dream that the main character saw can become a reality. However, what’s frightening about VR is the possibility of experiencing what the Dan had experienced- being lost in the dream and believing that the dream is reality. I don’t believe we can reach that hurdle just yet as VR is still being experimented and worked on. Despite this, I do think virtual reality can be a really good and amazing thing in the future that it’s up to the developers to see how far they can go and what they can do with it whether that be good or bad is up to those who become a participant of it. 
