<p>In the reading “Tripping Through Digital Landscapes in Virtual Reality and on Canvas” by Jeffrey Grunthaner the thing the stood out to me was the how some of the works look like glitched 3D renderings.The more and more I look at the pieces that used the GTA 5 images, it reminded me of the how recognizable 3D models can be exaggerated abstractions and how easily it would be to replicate something similar in using different programs. For instance one can recreate the model in a 3D program and place an image text which would get really close to the original word in this reading.</p>
<p>As an artist, however, I do find it more interesting to try to do something new and different then render a really good model in Maya. For example, an abstract model with little to no recognizable shape in context with a recognizable image says can say way more than a realistic render of a human model. Hypothetically, it would raise much more questions for something that one does not understand versus something that is distinguishable. If a work is distinguishable, people would be able to make easy and simple connections once they understand what they are looking at.   </p>
<p>On another note, I do agree that the VR experience requires a suspension of disbelief.  The impressiveness, I feel is limited because as you experience VR you know that the VR experiences isn’t real, yet it requires one to draw conclusions of the art as one experiences the art. The eccentric nature of the VR piece in the reading pushes the one’s sense and </p>
