This article focuses on the work of artist, Rachel Rossin, specifically her piece called “Lossy.” In this piece, Rossin offers a virtual reality world complemented by oil paintings around the room, which could also be said vice versa (the oil paintings are complemented by the virtual reality world). Rossin puts her paintings in a unique way within the virtual space, which gives the reason why she named this piece “Lossy.” The word lossy refers to the loss of visual detail that result from data compression. I feel like that concept is very intriguing. Rossin was able to create a painting then put it in a virtual world in a way it gets distorted. Although it looks distorted in the virtual world, it also creates something quite beautiful and very interesting. 

In my opinion, if an artist is going to use VR as a medium, I believe the world should be something that we could already experience in the real world. For example, artists should not create city-like virtual worlds because we already have cities in the real world. This is exactly why I appreciate Rossin’s piece. She created a world that could not be possible in the real world, but at the same time it is immersive. It is more than a world that she created, she created an experience for the viewer. I also appreciate how successful she was to combine two different mediums. She successfully combined paintings and VR into one piece and it’s not that simple like combining two different mediums such as paint and photography. She combined digital and physical, which I believe is difficult. 
