<P>In the reading, Douglas Coupland is beign interviewed by Daniel Birnbaum about Vitual Reality. In one part of the interview, the idea of VR sadness is discussed. We engage in worlds that are entertaining, yet depersonalization is one outcome of experiencing VR as discussed in the interview. In a sense, it is true that out perception of the VR experience is not our own imagination, but it is still our own experience. We identify our own feelings and expectations with that experience, so I do believe that our depersonalization does not occur because we have free will to critique the experience ourselves.</P>
<P>On another note, its interesting that the sight of watching people use a VR headset is criticized in this reading. I bring this up because VR is supposed to be about the user experiencing the VR experience not people reflecting their experience of how some individuals visually see people with VR headsets.  This lead to the idea of whether or not they thing VR will be become less ridiculous looking and be confined to small lens. Based on Coupland’s response, he indicated that the Augmented reality would be closer to becoming a small and compact eye wear much like a single lenses or eye contacts. As the reading goes on, it indicates that the day someone makes the best of VR functional on a small compact size such as contact lenses, is the day that someone will win a Nobel prize for doing so. I disagree, because VR is not about making a smaller eyewear lenses for viewing.  Maybe that would be a company’s goal, but it would its is not a goal that people are trying to constantly address. </P>
<P>However, AR shows much more promise for becoming smaller and convenient because you are not fully immersed in the VR experience. I see that AR has more potential to grow and transform into mixed reality. For example, the Vive requires a tether plus a computer and remotes along with lighthouses, but the HoloLens just needs a small headset in order to work.    The limitations of the Vive make the experience limiting as well because in order to test out projects people need to be confined to certain restrictions such as using desktop. The HoloLens, however, just needs the headset. There is not tether that restricts the user which gives individuals more freedom with their experience. </P>
