Nathan Elsensohn
ART175

Reading 2:
---------

A thought I had with regard to Mai Luong's article is that with VR, immersion is paradoxically both easier and more difficult to achieve. With other media it requires a highly active and detailed imagination to reach anything like the immersion that VR can tout with (seemingly) relative ease. In a world which is increasingly fueled--re: consumes--heaps upon mounds of data at any given time through social networking, general 'net usage, and digital entertainment, I am of a mind that surmises that our imaginations are, largely and collectively, being downgraded and degraded in said digital meat-grinder. Those who desire stimulation CRAVE it, and from outside themselves. VR, an already immersive media, can utterly capitalize on this. An intense, IMMERSIVE experience awaits, waiting to sink its hooks into the receptive mind-meat.  

This is, of course, provided that the VR is up to the feedback challenge. Response and positioning must be accurate, or at least believable, and engaging.  To paraphrase, Daniel Birnbaum and Douglas Coupland mentioned in their talk that even the most lame of VR experiences is still engaging (perhaps too engaging?), and while I can understand that notion, I'm inclined to disagree on a technical level. Factors such as framerate and responsitivity deeply matter to the immersive experience, and I'll agree with Luong on that regard.

Telepresence, the point-of-view--POV--avatar state. The continuity from Real Reality to Virtual Reality is maintained, for the immersion is maintained via a first-person view. Luong makes note of virtual tour applications, of the ability to experience to-scale work, even before it exists. This calls to mind how Étienne-Louis Boullée's fantastic, yet unrealized Cenotaph for Isaac Newton was created in the virtual space of Second Life. Boullée's would-be masterpiece was too large to be put together in real life, nor was architectural technology advanced enough to support its structure. It would be a costly, time-consuming, challenging undertaking to put together in reality. In virtual reality, the remuneration is time, effort, and know-how, but with far less resources and challenges involved. While such an example is art for art's sake, the parallel to real-world practical application of VR building potential is apparent. 

Additionally, the notion of using VR to train was once something of a science-fictional concept. While it is true that the military has been using video games ("simulations") to varying degrees to train personnel, the potential for the immersiveness and engagement of virtual reality to instill an even deeper training on people, not just soliders of any given stripe, is also something to take notice. 

Such powerful tools of engagement, with many uses. It does make one wonder how such technology could be taken advantage of, in a negative sense. Even though something utterly dystopian such as mind control is most certainly a conceit of science fiction, there is certainly a potential for propaganda--brainwashing to an Nth degree--so that's something that must be carefully considered. VR, like all technology, has great potential, to create and perhaps do harm. We must develop it and apply it respectfully if we wish to deter its immersion from seeing negative use.
