In this reading, Daniel Birnnaum is interviewing Douglas Coupland on virtual-reality projects along with the future of technology and desire. Throughout the interview, Coupland supports virtual reality. He even thinks that VR is better than the real world. He stated that in one of his experiences he had friends with him. He entered the virtual reality, spent some time in it and then returned back to the real world. He said that when he took it off, he was saddened by what he saw. He was disappointed on how the real life is not as good as the virtual world. I personally like VR, but I do not think it is better than the real world. I do like how in VR you can do things that you cannot normally do in the real world. Although I disagree with loving the VR world more than the real world, I do agree that VR could make you question the real world. Like in a sense of “What if I could do this in real life” type of experiences.

Birnaum also asked Coupland about the looks of VR goggles. Birnaum stated that people may think that they look stupid wearing the goggles. However, Coupland responds by saying virtual reality is about the experience, not the look of the goggles. He states that once people are hooked, it doesn’t matter what they look like and they will demand experience. I agree with Coupland because virtual reality is not about what you look like in the real world. It is all about the experience. When I had my first chance to get into a virtual world, I did not think about how I would look like wearing the goggles. The only thing on my mind was just entering a different world. All I cared about is the experience. 

One of my favorite things that I read in this interview was when Coupland talked about obsolescence and how VR is going through what e-books have went through. When e-books came out, the publishing industry panicked because they feared that e-books would destroy the sale of books. E-books has a niche mostly for airporty books, but other than that, books are still around and still sell. Coupland states that VR is in the same game as e-books. He believes that they will find their own niche in sex, gaming, horror and/or fantasy, but he doesn’t see it in the gallery space for very long. I have to say I agree with him. I still see VR for an experience. You look at VR so much differently than a painting, photograph or sculpture. They are physical things that are tangible. In VR, you do not get the same feeling and that’s where I too think where VR will fall off in a gallery space. 
