To begin with, I found this reading really interesting. It completely relates to what we do as Digital Media Artist since it talks about the coalition of Art and Virtual Reality. Artist, as well as author Douglas Coupland, meet with curator Daniel
Birnbaum to discuss regarding the endeavors and the future of technology and desire. 

They started with the Oculus Rift, a well-known virtual reality headset and how they experienced it. Douglas stated that the VR is way better than the real world and I do agree since I myself got to wear and experience a VR headset in my class Art 175 at school. And suddenly they talked about the "post-VR sadness," that causes a sense of derealization and depersonalization. It does make sense to me since we cannot make full use of our physical body into the virtual world. They then continue their conversation and went way back to the past referring to the introduction of TV and Electricity and WIFI how they all had fewer issues before fully establishing a change and evolve. To my point of view, I think that it would take some time to achieve fully of physically having control in the virtual world.

Furthermore, Virtual Reality might seem like the ultimate
post-medium medium, if it makes sense. And yet the effects are as mention by Daniel that Douglas was referring to are unique, insofar as they act "directly on kinesthesis and equilibrium" in a way that no other medium does. And VR is immersive, whereas all the medium-specific definitions of media associate one medium with one sense such as music with hearing, painting with vision. After reading this statement made by the author, I think art designed in a Virtual Reality world will be totally different from literary, painterly, or sculptural work in the traditional sense, but there are already attempts to define the transcendental conditions of possibility for works unfolding in the spaces opened up by the new technology.

Furthermore, Douglas and Daniel mentioned how the Google glass was a disaster. And they also talked about its design, it looked quite futuristic with a touch of 1970s goggles design. But then they stated that once they tried the Oculus Rift, despite the fact that it doesn't look that good, it doesn’t matter what they look like, the users will demand the experience. I agree with that point that something doesn't have to look good to be good. It's like the "don't judge a book by its cover" situation. On the other hand, I was so glad to hear about Olafur Eliasson's Rainbow artwork since we talked and even view his artwork in class. Daniel talked about how one can enter an area that contains a rainbow produced by light passing through drops of rain, almost a fine mist. It is interactive with this subtle waterfall, where one can share the experience with others who have been invited into space and who appear as avatars. Reading this got me motivated and inspired to possibly create something similar to the Rainbow or better. 

Eventually, they mentioned about a lot of famous people and Artists' Artwork like Edmund Husserl, A Space Odyssey, which I am looking forward to watching, Maurice Merleau-Ponty who invented the theme "bodily awareness and kinesthetic" experience, rendering from Marina Abramović’s artwork called Rising, and Zhuangzi, the philosopher, and especially, Jeff Koons’s Phryne, which is currently a work in progress. This article makes total sense whether there is something necessarily unrealized in the designs and visions of today’s most interesting artists that need the new technological possibilities to evolve. 

I am unquestionably going to work harder on combining Art and VR to make something phenomenal that could take my creativity to another level after being inspired by this reading, by those Artists, and by my instructors. 
